---
layout: post
title: "Welcome to GSoC 2022"
description: "General information about Google Summer of Code 2022 and MoMA Lab's participation."
thumb_image: "documentation/sample-image.jpg"
tags: [info]
---

Welcome to MoMA Lab's website for Google Summer of Code (GSoC) 2022! Here you can find more information about the program, MoMA's participation in it, a List of Project Ideas to inspire Contributor proposals and tips on writing a successful proposal.

## Google Summer of Code 2022
Are you a university student, recent graduate or someone who is now entering the world of Open Source? Google Summer of Code is a global, online, 12-week mentorship program that runs throughout the summer and pairs Open Source Contributors with Mentor Organizations in order to work on a proposed project idea.
More information about the program can be found on the [GSoC website](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/) and its ["How It Works"](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/how-it-works) page.

## MoMA Lab in GSoC 2022
The Modern Microprocessors Architecture (MoMA) Lab of New York University Abu Dhabi is applying to become a GSoC 2022 Mentor Organization. MoMA aspires to welcome GSoC participants who will contribute to the Lab's Open Source projects. For more information on MoMA you can visit the lab's [Website](https://wp.nyu.edu/momalab/) or check out the [About]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link about.html %}) page.

## Ideas
For a list of ideas for GSoC proposals, you can refer to the [Ideas List]({% post_url 2022-02-13-gsoc-projects-ideas-list %}) page. 
The ideas list is not exhaustive and GSoC Contributors are welcome to propose their own project ideas.
You can find a template for your submission and tips on how to write a quality proposal on the [Writing a Successful Proposal]({% post_url 2022-02-12-writing-a-successful-proposal %}) page.

## Timeline, Workflow and FAQ
You can find information about MoMA's GSoC timeline, workflow and frequently asked questions (FAQ) on the [Timeline, Workflow & FAQ]({% post_url 2022-02-11-timeline-workflow-faq %}) page.

## Contact Information
You can contact the lab using the information found on the [About & Contact Information]({% post_url 2022-02-10-about-contact %}) page.
